Last Updated on: 01-07-2025

1. INTRODUCTION
a. The following general terms of service (“Terms") govern and manage the access or use by you (“Customer”, “you”, “your”, “user”) of the domain name ‘wecredit.co.in’, and its related sub-domains, sites, services, and tools (collectively the "Platform"), owned, managed and operated by QuantumX Global Private Limited, a private limited company incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 with its registered office at 702, 7th Floor, Kanakia Atrium 2, Andheri Kurla Road, Behind Hotel Courtyard Marriott, Andheri East, Mumbai 400093 ( “WeCredit”, “we”, or “us” or “our”).

b. Please read these Terms, as they contain the terms and conditions governing your use of the Platform and any content such as text, data, information, software, graphics, audio, video or photographs etc. that WeCredit may make available through the Platform and any services that WeCredit may provide through the Platform.

c. By accessing, browsing or otherwise using the Platform, you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms and concluding a legally binding contract with WeCredit.

d. You should read the Terms and access and read all further linked information, if any, referred to in these Terms, as such information contains further terms and conditions that apply to you as a user of the Platform.

e. If you are unwilling or unable to be legally bound by these Terms, please do not use the Platform. You cannot accept these Terms if: (a) you are not lawfully entitled to use the Platform or (b) if you are not of legal age to form a binding agreement with WeCredit in accordance with the laws of India.

f. By using the Platform, you hereby consent to the use of your information as we have outlined in our Privacy Policy hosted at [●] (“Privacy Policy”). Please review the Privacy Policy, which additionally governs your visit to the Platform, to understand WeCredit's practices regarding use of your information.

g. WeCredit reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of the Terms, at any time and will notify you by email or post a conspicuous notice on the Platform in the event of any material revisions to these Terms. It is your sole responsibility to review the Terms periodically for updates or changes. Your continued use of the Platform following the posting of changes shall be deemed to mean that you accept and agree to the revisions made to these Terms.

2. ELECTRONIC RECORDS
a. These Terms are an electronic record in terms of the Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules made thereunder. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures.

b. These Terms are published in accordance with the provisions of rule 3(1) of the Information Technology (Intermediaries Guidelines And Digital Media Ethics Code) Rules, 2021 that requires publishing the rules and regulations, privacy policy and terms of use for access or usage of the Platform.

3. GENERAL TERMS OF OUR OFFERINGS
a. WeCredit, hereby, operates the Platform, which facilitates your access to information, primarily about personal and business loans and other products or services provided by our Lending Partners (as defined below) whilst using this Platform (“Services”). Through the Platform, we facilitate provision of short-term credit facilities (“Credit Facility”) to users interested in availing loans (“Borrower(s)”), by connecting them with our non-banking financial company (“NBFC”) partners or the banks, who are authorized by the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) to offer and sanction such Credit Facility on the Platform (“Lending Partners”).

b. WeCredit does not engage in lending or borrowing through its Platform. All Credit Facilities are extended solely by the Lending Partners, subject to terms agreed directly between you and the Lending Partners. WeCredit merely operates the Platform to enable such interactions and has no role in the approval or disbursement of credit, which remains at the sole discretion of the respective Lending Partner. Furthermore, WeCredit is not registered with the RBI or any other statutory authority as a financial institution and does not possess any license to independently provide loans or credit facilities. It is also clarified that WeCredit is not classified as a 'financial institution' under the Companies Act, 2013, the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, or any other laws for the time being in force in India. Additionally, WeCredit does not operate as a deposit-taking entity, chit fund, or investment scheme provider under any applicable laws or regulations in India.

c. In the event you avail a Credit Facility through the Platform, following your use of the Services, the relevant Lending Partner will provide an online loan agreement for your review. This agreement will be accessible via the Platform. By clicking ‘I Accept’, you acknowledge that you are entering into a binding arrangement with the Lending Partner, subject to the terms outlined therein. These terms may include provisions for assessing your creditworthiness, verifying your identity, and ensuring compliance with applicable laws, including those relating to fraud prevention and anti-money laundering. Repayment of the Credit Facility must be made in accordance with the schedule specified in the loan agreement. Any default or breach of the agreement may lead to an immediate suspension of Services facilitated through the Platform, and may trigger provisions requiring immediate repayment of the outstanding amount under the Credit Facility.

d. We receive a fee and/or commission from such Lending Partners when you use our Services to avail the Credit Facility from them.

e. WeCredit does not charge any registration/ membership or browsing fee, nor charges any fee from the Borrowers. However, WeCredit reserves the absolute right to charge any fee for registration/ membership or browsing fee at any time. All such fees that WeCredit may charge will be informed to the users by posting them on the Platform, and such changes shall automatically become effective immediately after they are posted on the Platform. All such fees charged by WeCredit shall be in Indian Rupees. Your continued use of WeCredit shall be deemed as an acceptance of the amended provisions of the Terms from time to time.

4. MEMBERSHIP ELIGIBILITY
Use and access of this Platform is strictly available only to persons who can enter into legally binding contracts under the Indian Contract Act, 1872 and is not a person barred from receiving Services under the laws of India or other applicable jurisdiction. Persons who are ‘incompetent to contract’ within the meaning of the Indian Contract Act, 1872 including minors, un-discharged insolvents and persons of unsound mind are not eligible to use the Platform. Any person under the age of 18 (eighteen) shall neither register on the Platform, nor avail the Services, nor transact on the Platform, or use the Platform for any other reason whatsoever. WeCredit reserves the right to terminate any person's membership and/or refuse to provide such person with access to the Platform if it is brought to the notice of WeCredit or if WeCredit discovers for itself that such person is not eligible to use the Platform.

5. OPENING OF ACCOUNT ON PLATFORM
a. In order to use the Platform holistically, and to avail the Services, you will have to create an account by signing up on the Platform ("Account"), which can be done by providing/ using the following:

(i) your cell phone number with password; or
(ii) email address with password;
(iii) such other login credentials that are adopted by the industry for setting up an Account with the Platform (collectively “Login Credentials”).
b. Upon entering the Login Credentials, you will receive a One Time Password (“OTP”) for the purpose of verification or such other auto verification process adopted by the industry. Upon completion of verification, the Account is created and is ready for use. You shall not transfer or share your Account information or Login Credentials with anyone or create more than one Account.

c. Once registered, in order to log into the Account, you will be required to use your Login Credentials. Upon being successfully registered on the Platform you will be provided access to a dashboard which will enable you to access your Account details.

d. You shall be solely responsible for maintaining confidentiality of your Account and the Login Credentials, and to the extent allowed by law, you hereby accept responsibility for all activities on the Account authenticated through the Login Credentials, whether authorized or not. You agree to keep Login Credentials confidential and secure, and you shall not give or make Login Credentials available, directly or indirectly, to any unauthorized individual. You acknowledge and agree that if you allow, whether through action or inaction, a person to gain access to the Login Credentials, with or without permission, you are authorizing that person to use the Platform through the Account, and you shall be responsible for all actions that result from such access, even if you did not want the actions performed, and even if they are unauthorized or fraudulent. WeCredit shall not be held liable in any manner whatsoever for lack of any such authorization whilst creating the Account.

e. WeCredit shall not and will not be held liable for any loss or damage arising from or arising out of your use of the Platform, theft of the Login Credentials, use of the Login Credentials or release of the Login Credentials to a third party or your authorization to allow another person to access and use the Platform, using the Account.

f. In case of any misappropriation or unauthorised access of the Account, you agree to communicate the same to WeCredit immediately. You shall further ensure that you exit/ logout from the Account at the end of each session. WeCredit shall not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this provision. You may be held liable for losses incurred by WeCredit or any user or visitor of the Platform due to authorised or unauthorised use of the Account, as a result of your failure to keep the Login Credentials confidential.

g. You agree that the information provided by you to WeCredit, at all times (including during registration), will be true, accurate, up-to-date, and complete. You further agree that if you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not up-to-date or incomplete or becomes untrue, or if WeCredit has reasonable grounds to suspect the foregoing, WeCredit shall have the right to indefinitely suspend or terminate or block your Account, including blocking your access to the Platform, and refuse to provide you Services. You are advised to use due caution when providing any information to WeCredit accordingly.

6. LICENSE AND ACCESS
a. WeCredit and its licensors, if any, shall be the sole and absolute owners of the Platform, including but not limited to the idea behind the Platform, the copyright in all content on the Platform and all trademarks, designs, logos and other insignia of trade used on the Platform and elsewhere during the performance of the Services, all of which are subject to protection under patent, copyright, trade mark and trade secret and other intellectual property laws of India and other countries.

b. As long as you comply with Terms, WeCredit grants you a limited, non-transferable and revocable license to access and use the Platform or any part thereof solely for the purpose of availing the Services, but not to download any material from it (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express consent of WeCredit and / or its affiliates, as may be applicable. Any unauthorized access to the Platform (or any part thereof) or any networks, servers or computer systems connected to Platform and any attempt to modify, adapt, translate or reverse engineer any part of the Platform or re-format or frame any portion of the pages of the Platform, save to the extent expressly permitted by these Terms, is not permitted.

c. This license is non-transferable and does not permit any resale or commercial use of this Platform or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of anyone other than your use; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. The Platform or any portion of the Platform (including but not limited to any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information) may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, distributed or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of WeCredit and / or its affiliates, as may be applicable. Any unauthorized use of the Platform shall terminate the permission or revoke the license granted by WeCredit and WeCredit shall have the right to seek legal recourse available to it under applicable laws.

7. PROHIBITED USES
You agree, undertake and covenant that, during your use of the Platform and Services, you shall not host, display, upload, modify, publish, transmit, store, update or share any information that:

a. belongs to another person or entity and to which you do not have any right;
b. is grossly harmful, harassing, blasphemous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, pedophilic, libelous, invasive of another person's privacy, insulting or harassing on the basis of gender, hateful or racially or ethnically objectionable, relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise inconsistent or contrary to the laws in force in any manner whatsoever.;
c. is harmful to children;
d. is misleading in any way;
e. involves the transmission of “junk mail”, “chain letters”, or unsolicited mass mailing or “spamming”;
f. infringes upon or violates any third party's rights including, but not limited to, any patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights or intellectual property rights, rights of privacy (including without limitation unauthorized disclosure of a person's name, email address, physical address or phone number);
g. Impersonates another person or provides instructional information about illegal activities such as violating someone's privacy or providing or creating computer viruses;
h. tries to gain unauthorized access or exceeds the scope of authorized access to the Platform or to profiles, blogs, communities, account information, bulletins, or other areas of the Platform or solicits passwords or personally identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other users of the Platform;
i. engages in commercial activities without WeCredit 's prior written consent such as engages in contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising etc;
j. interferes with another user's use of the Platform;
k. refers to any website or URL that, in WeCredit's sole discretion, contains material that is inappropriate for the Platform or any other website, contains content that would be prohibited or violates the letter or spirit of these Terms;
l. deceives or misleads the addressee/ users about the origin of the messages or knowingly and intentionally communicates any information which is patently false or misleading or grossly offensive or menacing in nature but may reasonably be perceived as a fact;
m. contains software viruses or any other computer codes, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource; or contains any trojan horses, worms or other computer programming routines that may damage, detrimentally interfere with, diminish value of, covertly intercept or steal any system, data or personal information;
n. threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign States, or public order, or causes incitement to the commission of any cognisable offence or prevents investigation of any offence or is insulting other nation;
o. is patently false and untrue, and is written or published in any form, with the intent to mislead or harass a person, entity or agency for financial gain or to cause any injury to any person; and
p. violates any law for the time being in force.
Additionally, you shall not use anyone else's account at any time.

8. RIGHTS AND RESERVATIONS
WeCredit reserves the right to:

a. Make all decisions in relation to inter alia your registration with WeCredit;
b. Give you a username, different from the username chosen by you, if it impersonates an already existing username, or if WeCredit feels it is otherwise inappropriate;
c. Request additional documents and additional information from you for the purpose of your registration as a user with the Platform; and
d. Deny access to the Platform or any portion thereof without notice for the following reasons: (i) any unauthorized access or use by you, (ii) attempt(s) to assign or transfer any rights granted to you under the ese Terms; (iii) violation of any of the provisions of these Terms or any applicable laws.
9. PROMOTIONAL OFFERS
WeCredit may, from time to time, announce certain offers with intent to promote its Platform and/or Services ("Promotional Offer(s)"). The Promotional Offer(s) would always be governed by these Terms plus certain additional terms and conditions, if any prescribed. The said additional terms and conditions, if prescribed, would be specific to the corresponding Promotional Offer only and shall prevail over these Terms, to the extent they may be in conflict with these Terms. WeCredit reserves the right to withdraw, discontinue, modify, extend and suspend the Promotional Offer(s) and the terms governing it, in its sole discretion. Additionally, WeCredit may from time to time, offer referral bonuses and rewards to you for inviting new users to the Platform and for completing other activities on the Platform.

10. USERS’ POSTS AND REVIEWS
a. The Platform may allow you to post certain content, data or information belonging to you, such as reviewing and allowing you to share your experience and views about a particular product/ Service, and rate product/ Service, post your comments and reviews in relation to the product/ Service on the Platform on specific pages of the Platform, as well as submit/ post any suggestions, comments, questions or other information to WeCredit using the Platform (collectively referred to "User Content").

b. You, being the originator of the User Content, are responsible for the User Content that you upload, post, publish, transmit or otherwise make available on the Platform. You represent and covenant that you have obtained all relevant consents and approvals in order to post the User Content and shall not post any content relating to or owned by a third party for the promotion or sale of products/ Services of such third party. You further represent that all such User Content will be in accordance with applicable laws. By sharing or submitting any User Content, you agree that you shall be solely responsible for all such content you post on the Platform and WeCredit shall neither be responsible or liable for any User Content you make available on or through the Platform nor endorse any User Content on the Platform. WeCredit reserves the right to remove any third-party marketing material and disable access to the User Content on the Platform.

c. You hereby grant WeCredit a perpetual, non-revocable, worldwide, royalty-free and sub-licensable right and license to use, copy, distribute, display, publish, transmit, make available, reproduce, modify, adapt the User Content and create derivate works of the User Content. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the User Content that you post or that you otherwise provide on or through the Platform; and that, as at the date that the User Content is posted or submitted on the Platform: (i) the User Content is accurate; (ii) use of the User Content you supply does not breach these Terms; and (iii) that such User Content is lawful.

11. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The Platform may contain or provide links and interactive functionality interacting to websites and resources of third parties. Since WeCredit has no control over such third-party websites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that WeCredit is not responsible for and has no liability for the functionality, actions, inactions, privacy settings, privacy policies, terms, or content of any such websites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that Your interaction with any third party accessed through the Platform is at your own risk and WeCredit shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such website or resource. Before enabling any sharing functions to communicate with any such website or otherwise visiting any such website, WeCredit strongly recommends that you review and understand the terms and conditions, privacy policies, settings, and information-sharing functions of each such third-party website.

12. MODIFICATION TO SERVICES
a. WeCredit reserves the right to alter or modify all or any part of its Services at any time without prior notice to the Customer. The Customer acknowledges that such modifications may be implemented to ensure compliance with any new or amended legal or regulatory requirements.

b. WeCredit retains the right, at its sole discretion, to suspend, modify, or permanently discontinue any Service (or any part thereof), with or without cause. WeCredit shall not be held liable for any such changes, temporary suspensions, or discontinuations of Services.

c. If any amounts for products/Services under the relevant terms remain unpaid by you, you will remain liable to WeCredit or its partners, as the case may be, for such payment obligations.

13. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
THE PLATFORM AND ALL INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS AND SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE PLATFORM ARE PROVIDED BY WECREDIT ON AN "AS IS," "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. WECREDIT MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE PLATFORM, THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE CONTENT AND THE ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION. WECREDIT SHALL HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY CONTENT, MATERIALS, DOCUMENTS OR INFORMATION. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT THE USE OF THE PLATFORM AND SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND SOLE RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE RESULTING FROM ANY USE OR TRANSACTION UNDERTAKEN THROUGH THE PLATFORM. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM WECREDIT OR THROUGH OR FROM THE PLATFORM OR CONTENT SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WECREDIT DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES, PLATFORM AND ITS CONTENT, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE.FURTHER, WECREDIT AND ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS, AFFILIATES, BUSINESS PARTNERS AND LENDING PARTNERS MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (I) THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (II) THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (III) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, (IV) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS, AND (V) ANY ERRORS IN THE TECHNOLOGY WILL BE CORRECTED.

14. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT SHALL WECREDIT, OR ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, AFFILIATES,GROUP COMPANIES, AND PARTNERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR LOSS OF PROFIT OR REVENUES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM ANY SERVICES OR CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE PLATFORM, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT WECREDIT IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. WECREDIT SHALL NOT BE LIABLE UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES FOR DAMAGES, HOWSOEVER ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO PRODUCTS, SERVICES, CREDIT FACILITY AND/OR INFORMATION OFFERED OR PROVIDED BY THIRD-PARTIES, INCLUDING THE LENDING PARTNERS,THROUGH THE PLATFORM.

15. INDEMNIFICATION
You shall indemnify and hold WeCredit, its licensee, director, employee, officers affiliates, subsidiaries, representatives, Lending Partners and group companies (as applicable) and their respective officers, directors, agents, and employees, harmless from any and all claims or demands, or actions including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party or penalty imposed due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms or your violation of any law, rules or regulations.

16. TERMINATION OF ACCESS TO THE PLATFORM
a. Your Account can be terminated at any time by:

i. You, by ceasing to use the Platform.
ii. WeCredit, in its sole discretion for any reason or no reason, including your violation of these Terms, or lack of use of Platform. You acknowledge that the termination of access to the Platform may be affected without any prior notice, and WeCredit may immediately deactivate or delete the Account and all related information and/or bar any further access to the Account or the Services.
b. If you are a Borrower using the Platform, You are prohibited from deleting your Account if there remain any outstanding repayment obligations under the Credit Facility, as stipulated in your loan agreement with the Lending Partner. Should you delete your Account before fulfilling the complete repayment obligations as outlined in the loan agreement with the Lending Partner, such action shall not absolve you from your contractual obligation to pay such outstanding amounts to the Lending Partner, and shall continue to be liable for any outstanding repayments on the Credit Facility availed.

17. TAKEDOWN POLICY
a. If you identify any content on the Platform that you believe violates WeCredit’s policies or applicable law, please notify WeCredit’s Grievance Officer using the email address as specified below. In your notification, you must include the following details:

i. Your name, email ID, phone number and postal address;
ii. A precise description of the content in question along with its specific location on the Platform (including the relevant web page); and
iii. A detailed explanation of why you deem the content objectionable.
b. Upon receipt of your notice, we will review the details provided and may take appropriate action in accordance with our policies and applicable law, which could involve requesting additional information from you or removing the content that has been identified.

18. MISCELLANEOUS
a. Assignment: WeCredit reserves the right, at its own discretion, to freely assign and transfer the rights and obligations under these Terms to any third party.

b. Governing Law and Jurisdiction: These Terms shall be governed by and interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of India and any dispute concerning these Terms shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the appropriate courts at Mumbai , India.

c. Severability and Waiver: These Terms, the Privacy Policy and other referenced material herein or on the Platform, constitutes the entire agreement between you and WeCredit with respect to the products/Services offered on the Platform and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals (whether oral, written or electronic) between you and WeCredit with respect thereto and govern the future relationship. If any provision of the Terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Terms will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder.

19. GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL MECHANISHM
In accordance with the Information Technology Act, 2000 and Rules made thereunder, the name and contact details of the officer are provided below:

a. With respect to the Terms:

Name: Abhay Padoor

Address: Office No S7, 2nd floor Pinnacle Business Park, Mahakali caves Rd, Shanti Nagar, Andheri East Mumbai 400093.

Cell: +91 9240249293

Email ID: care@wecredit.co.in

The WeCredit’s grievance officer (“WeCredit Grievance Officer”) can be contacted between 10:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. from Monday to Friday except on public holidays.

We shall respond to Your request(s) or grievance within twenty four (24) hours from the time of receipt. In the event that we are unable to acknowledge or provide a response within the stipulated timeframe for any reason, we shall duly notify you accordingly.

b. With respect to any Lending Partners:

If the grievance is not resolved by the WeCredit Grievance Officer within 30 (Thirty) days of lodging the grievance, or if the User who has availed any Credit Facility from the Lending Partner is not satisfied with the response received from WeCredit, such User may approach the Lending Partner to have such grievance resolved. The grievance redressal mechanism of the Lending Partner is accessible at: https://wecredit.co.in/ourpartnerpage and in case you are not satisfied with resolution provided by us or the Lending Partners, you may submit your grievance at Sachet Portal.

20. HOW TO CONTACT WECREDIT
If you have questions or concerns about the Terms, please contact WeCredit at the following email address: care@wecredit.co.in

21. Our Brands
https://wecredit.co.in/
https://loansbazaar.co/
